#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via click
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via opentelemetry-api
flask==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow-intel
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-auth==2.33.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.4.5
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.2.5
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-logging==3.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via flask
keras==3.4.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
opentelemetry-api==1.26.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
optree==0.12.1
    # via keras
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-intel
rich==13.7.1
    # via keras
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard==2.16.2
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-intel==2.16.1
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   optree
    #   tensorflow-intel
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow-intel
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
